- 👋 Hi, I’m @irripro
- 👀 I’m interested in Python develoment for Smart Irrigation.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning PCSE.
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on Smart Irrigation by Crop Model and AI.
- 📫 How to reach me, visit www.irripro.net and  send email to irripro@qq.com . 


It is a casual chance for me to enter the irrigation industry. I remember that I reached a university score line with relatively high scores in 1978. At that time, It was also very high in the county,   my hometown, but I was not able to be admitted to the University for unknown reasons. In 1979, I took another exam, which was not accepted again, why that it can not be said. In 1980, finally I   was admitted to the water conservancy (Irrigation and Drainage Engineering) major of the College of Water Conservancy and Civil Engineering of Agricultural University of China. When the major was for me as to considered to be the last time to apply for University, it came to a choice. Of course, the major my want that it was not farmland water conservancy (Irrigation and Drainage Engineering), the major which I wanted to apply for that was Agriculture and Rural Electrification. The specialty of Farmland Water Conservancy is me to fill in and obey school assignment, and is transferred to the 80 class of Farmland Water Conservancy. The admission rate of the University in that year is very low compared with the number of applicants, especially there was the primary election to passed, the admission rate of that year is lower. It can be said that the admission rate of University in that year, close to the admission rate of doctorate now.

Only after going to university did we find that the biggest gap of age of students in the same classmate who was difference between 7 years. The youngest in our class, when I went to college around 16-18, and I was 23 years old. In the same class, there are also someone only junior high school students graduated from, and he could go to university through the college entrance examination.

The score of our class is the best class in the same school , because most of us come from rural areas or small towns, they can adapt to the environment of hard work and study in universities. I remember that in the math examination, the same as the open class major as, should be from non boarding class of Agricultural Electrification, basically failed. In the first math test, a classmate named Tang took 100 points. I was very lucky remember that I got 99 points in the first math analysis examination. In fact, I have taught myself the derivative, calculus and other mathematics analysis courses in advanced mathematics when I prepare for the college entrance examination.

After going to university, my grades in the same class are not top in the list, that is, the middle level. Of course, there are also some impressive and mischievous things happened. I remember that I didn't approve of the teachers, especially the teachers of hydraulics. So there were some problems in that major. The questions raised led to the teacher's bad impression on me. The assessment is due to this reason. My hydraulic learning achievement is only more than 60 points, and a passing of this course.

Good in my self-study ability, the spirit of research is still in, so after graduation for actual work, through the study, work ability is still recognized by the Design Institute. After I graduated, I was assigned to my hometown, Guangxi Agriculture and Reclamation Bureau. I first started to go to the JinGuan farm, and transferred to the design office of the Bureau of Agriculture and Reclamation three months later. The design room was upgraded continuously, and became the Design Office, and finally became Guangxi Agricultural Reclamation Design Institute. I have been working on the design of irrigation and sprinkling engineering of Guangxi Agricultural System from 1985 to 1989. Therefore, in the water-saving irrigation industry has a deep marriage and understanding. In 1988, I wrote the paper of Adaptive Simulation Method of Sprinkler Irrigation System, and published it in the Journal of Sprinkler Irrigation Technology, the predecessor of Water Saving Irrigation. The paper was also submitted to the Australian Micro Irrigation Conference, which was paid attention to and invited to attend the conference. Unfortunately, my passport was got for a long time. When I got the visa, it was over the meeting time, so I didn't attend the meeting, but the paper was published in the conference papers. After getting the passport, of course we can't let it invalid. We, together with my leaders, went to Australia, visited Adelaide, the capital of South Australia, and visited a micro irrigation enterprise in Australia. This enterprise is now acquired by Toro.

When publishing Chinese papers, I met Professor Chen Dayao, editor of the magazine. I has made a deep friendship with me and laid a foundation for the future personal professional research, study and wandering in the Career.

I published professional papers in Australia and with it selected into the professional papers collection. This event also laid the foundation for me to visit ICMS of the Ministry of Agriculture (Primary industry) of South Australia in 1995. I can publish professional papers at the Australian irrigation professional academic conference. It's good for me to application as Australia for Academic Visitor, I went to Australia for professional study at own expense through the   Guangxi Education Department in that year, which provided a qualified as in good professional condition.

After arriving in Australia, the Institute of Southern Australian Ministry of Primary Industry participated in the upgrading and development of sprinkler evaluation software, and also studied computer knowledge. These experiences laid a foundation for my professional computer software development in irrigation. Up to now, software development in irrigation Internet of Things and intelligent agriculture has also been very helpful.

I got some support from the government agriculture department in South Australia to complete the study work of scholars visiting the Australian Institute. Because these expenditures are temporary expenditures and cannot be supported for a long time, I returned to China in early 1996. After returning, Guangxi Academy of Agricultural Reclamation Design began to reform, which was called upon to transform the Institute from public institutions to enterprise units, and established Guangxi Agricultural Reclamation Construction Company. As an enterprise design institute, the task also needs to come from the society. At that time, the agricultural reclamation system was mainly due to the decrease of financial allocation and the design task of farmland water conservancy was weaken. Therefore, it is difficult for me to survive in the social competition, especially in the environment at that time It's not easy to get design projects to do.

Because of the persistence of the director of Personnel Department of the Bureau of Agricultural Reclamation, I obtained the technical title of Senior Engineer of Farmland Water Conservancy in 1995. I also worked as a legal person and manager of Guangxi Huizhong Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. funded by Guangxi Agricultural Reclamation Design Institute. At that time, Nanning Electronic Street opened a workshop to assemble computers for customers. In 1998, Professor Chen Dayao of Wuhan University was responsible for Wuda Yunshui Company, there was a irrigation project funded by Guangxi Agricultural Department and built in the backyard of Guangxi Agricultural Technology School campus, as Guangxi Modern Agricultural Science and Technology Demonstration Park. At that time, Wuda Yunshui Company was responsible for the design and construction and installation of irrigation, and the technicians were required to guide for the project on site. According to the instructions of Prof. Chen, I began to return to the irrigation industry.

After the completion of the project, I came to Wuhan University intermittently. At that time, I was called as Deputy Chief Engineer of Wuhan Yunshui Engineering Technology Co., Ltd., a school run enterprise of Wuhan Water Conservancy and Power College. As a deputy chief engineer, I participated in the water conservancy and water conservancy related project planning and design undertaken by some companies. Here, in fact, I am equivalent to study at school, and I have been as a graduate student. I am guided   from Chen Dayao and Prof. Dong Wenchu. From the calculation of crop irrigation system, the program of automatic calculation of crop water consumption was studied by Dong Wenchu. The CAD design software of irrigation network with ACAD VB Script interface was developed, and participated in the design of water saving project in large scale irrigation area. There, with our associate academician, Prof. Mao Zhi (the first Academician in China in farmland and water conservancy), went on business trip to Guilin Irrigation Test Station and got the instruction of ET0 calculation. Later, the preparation and construction of Water Conservation Department of Changjiang Water Conservancy Design Institute in a short time.

In 2001, I went to Beijing myself and joined an Israeli Irrigation Company in Beijing. It was named Asia Group. I participated in the construction of subsurface drip irrigation system around Jianguomen interchange, which is, perhaps the first in China, to be used for garden irrigation. Drip irrigation system is a product of Israel Metzerplas company, and the irrigation control system is a Motorola control system from Israel. After three months of work in this Israeli company, the completion of the project construction, I went to help the Israel water saving irrigation training class of the water conservancy association for interpretation. They held a water-saving irrigation training course in Beihai, Guangxi Province. This class was funded by the Israeli government. Two university professors were invited to provide free education and training for water-saving irrigation for Chinese.

In 2005, as the resident design representative of Wuhan Institute of Water Resources and Electricity, I participated in the three projects of South China Botanical Garden water system and irrigation system transformation project, which was jointly invested by the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangdong Province and Guangzhou.

In the late stage of this project, we met our alumni, grade 79 graduated, Mr Yi, China Representative Office of Hunter Industries Company of the United States. Due to this coincidence,   Vice General Manager of Greenman Group,   invited me to join the company and promised to buy a house in Beijing five years later. In 2006, I participated in a golf irrigation project of Greenman company in Yunnan. Since then, I   joined Greenman, and worked as a department manager in the irrigation products for nearly 9 years. Finally, I does not want to sign again when the contract expires because it is not satisfied with the salary. I came out and started to join irrigation network, and finally came to a branch of an Internet of Things company of Shanghai in Beijing. At that time, the branch was doing fresh distribution of agricultural products, and wanted to become an Internet company of agricultural technology services. We want to provide agricultural technical services to support the distribution of agricultural products, attract agricultural users, and let agricultural users use their own fresh food distribution system.

The fresh food distribution company, which was called the top three companies in Shanghai at that time, was all burning money and finally became one of the downfall fresh companies. Companies with broken capital chains must not have laid off jobs, and many people have been cut off. I was just in Shanghai, and joined Shanghai Huawei Water Saving Irrigation Co., Ltd. to contribute to the intelligent agricultural business section of Huawei and to establish Internet of things company, and have always provided technical support.   I was retired from Huawei Water Saving Irrigation Company at the end of 2018.

To summarize my life, from university to graduation, engaged in water saving irrigation industry, and so far, it is a legend that I has only studied undergraduate course in University, and has never really, formally, and seriously studied higher degree in irrigation, as master or doctor in irrigation, all professional knowledge and computer knowledge is get from myself in the later period , basically, they are all from Jianghu people who come from self-study. I have known many friends in the Jianghu in the irrigation industry. After coming out of Greenman company, Liu Yang, the president of irrigation network, once wanted to build an irrigation engineer club, but it was not completed. 

These are fragments of the irrigation history in my life. These experiences are like a trip in the irrigation Social Community. Therefore, summarize the work experience of these decades as the irrigation Community pass on.

Welcome to irrigation master website www.irripro.net for more professional content.




<!---
irripro/irripro is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
